Route prefix configuration (#570)
rooseveltframework/roosevelt: README.md

  - Default: *[Number]* `30000` (30 seconds).

> - `urlPrefix`: A prefix to append to all routes within the controller files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `urlPrefix`: A string to prepend to all controller routes.
```

>   - Default: *[String]* `'/'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Default: *[String]* `"/"`.
```

>   - Example: `'urlPrefix': '/foo'` would append `foo` too all routes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Example: `"urlPrefix": "/foo"` would prepend `foo` to all routes.
```

  - Default: *[Number]* `30000` (30 seconds).

> - `routers`: An array of objects that define express routers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `routers`: Here you can define a list of [Express routers](https://expressjs.com/en/guide/routing.html#express-router) which can be used to (among other things) prefix a whole series of routes.
```

> - `routers`: Here you can define a list of [Express routers](https://expressjs.com/en/guide/routing.html#express-router) which can be used to (among other things) prefix a whole series of routes.

Reviewer: Move this section to the bottom of MVC parameters.

Author: This is good now

> - `routers`: Here you can define a list of [Express routers](https://expressjs.com/en/guide/routing.html#express-router) which can be used to (among other things) prefix a whole series of routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `routers`: Here you can define an array list of [Express routers](https://expressjs.com/en/guide/routing.html#express-router) which can be used to (among other things) prefix a whole series of routes.
```

  - `prefix`: *[String]* The URL path prefix for the router to use.

>   - `controllers`: *[Array]* List of files or directories relative to the controllers directory to use with the defined prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `controllers`: *[Array]* List of files or directories in `controllersPath` that will be mounted to this route.
```

  - Default: *[Boolean]* `false`.

>   - Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Example usage:
```

    ```json
    [{
      "prefix": "/route",
      "controllers": ["controller.js", "directory"]
    }]
    ```

>   **NOTE** When using `routers` roosevelt will modify the `app` argument within controller files to use an express `router`. The app object will be the second argument inside of those controllers.

Reviewer: This line can go since we're gonna universalize the arguments to always be router and app

Author: This is good now

  - `serviceUnavailable`: Your [503 Service Unavailable](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_HTTP_status_codes#5xx_Server_errors) error page.
    - Default: *[String]* `"503.js"`.

> - `routers`: *[Object]* Define routes for express routers and static files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `routers`: *[Object]* List of [Express Routers](https://expressjs.com/en/guide/routing.html#express-router) to create for groups of controllers or statics. If none are defined, Roosevelt will default to creating one single global router with the route prefix `/` that all controllers and all statics will be routed through.
```

  - Object members:
    - `controllers`: *[Array]* Here you can define an array list of [Express routers](https://expressjs.com/en/guide/routing.html#express-router) which can be used to (among other things) prefix a whole series of routes.
      - `prefix`: *[String]* The URL path prefix for the router to use.
      - `files`: *[Array]* List of files or directories in `controllersPath` that will be mounted to this route.
      - Default: *[Boolean]* `false`.
      - Example usage:

      ```json
      [{

>         "prefix": "/route",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "prefix": "/something",
```

        "files": ["controller.js", "directory"]
      }]
      ```

    - `statics`: *[Array]* Here you can define an array list of objects that represent route prefixes for static files that live inside the `publicFolder`.

>       - `prefix`: *[String]* The URL path prefix for the public directories to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - `prefix`: *[String]* The URL path prefix for the public directory to use.
```

>       - `files`: *[Array]* List of directories in `publicFolder` that will be mounted to this route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - `dirs`: *[Array]* List of directories in `publicFolder` that will be mounted to this route.
```

      - Default: *[Boolean]* `false`.
      - Example usage:

      ```json
      [{

>         "prefix": "/statics",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "prefix": "/something",
```

>         "files": ["css", "images", "js"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "dirs": ["css", "images", "js"]
```
